this video is sponsored by honey honey
is an online shopping tool that
automatically finds discount codes in
the plaza to your cart a lot of popular
stores work with honey Target eBay Game
Stop and even Amazon shop like you
normally would online when you get to
checkout and all you have to do is wait
a few seconds for honey discount
discount codes across the internet and
click apply coupons for example I was
running out of time ease food and saved
four dollars shopping at Petco get honey
for free but going to join honey calm
slash Lily Picchu let's join honey
dot-com / Felipe's you thank you
[Music]
it came in yeah your box Claire yeah
good girl good girl come here yes good
girl my dog's broken the other way
around
can you get off the bed really Timmy how
long time can you stop [__] crying
why are you in my room
maybe we shouldn't do not lovers editing
just don't put that in there
if you're gonna do it bleep it out
please I'm just trying to get cute what
is a [__] tummy because I'll kill
mrs. Fadem home what do you need come
home she's my dog
I'll see you after Florida and have fun
with Uncle Jimmy I'm going to Florida
guys yeah no I am on mrs. van she's
gonna miss us she's gonna miss it's just
gonna she's gonna cry when soon as we
leave she's gonna [__] fall you're
gonna fall you're gonna kind she's look
like your tears coming out she's crying
[Music]
here is like a highlighter Florida so
[__] depressing that I swear it's so
disappointing
you haven't even stepped outside here
for so [__] god it feels like Florida
classic Florida Fair
[Music]
we're at the hotel it's very shiny how
many people do you think I take stalkers
here so many
you're like you don't know I know it
yes every love in person oh my god
everyone's a [__] influencer
I feel so yeah this is unfortunate his
name is definitely chase yeah this is
the strike though its most uncomfortable
vibe
[Music]
this piece of shoes a reliable [__]
Florida not have a curfew from their
children look a la Florida look at
Florida you should get a free shirt no
no but that's XL phone I don't care man
got only way I will I might just you
know steal some what is this thing I
don't know it's mine though are you just
taking random [__] that's mine too wait
they literally have makeup okay this is
mine you thank you more food as this
morning to some of us this won't mind if
I hey this is mine too
Thank You Marty don't mind if I don't
mind if I do
moisturizer don't mind if I thank you
don't mind if I do
let's go you're a klepto or he may go
how you feeling that was really strange
like different culture everything Thanks
holy [__] Michael gave us two beds nice
oh can we go out to the balcony I'm
waiting for it I'm special yeah hi it's
1:00 a.m. and there's nothing open
except this place which isn't bad like a
bunch of snacks
you must be hungry please don't we got
hot bomb Philly cheesesteak heats us
soup beef jerky egg salad chips
chocolate gummy bears and drinks I play
smash we decided the loser gets to sleep
on the floor did we did we despite that
why are you doing this hold on the
brightness okay day one we excited just
like all the kids yelling outside the
ground this morning
I think someone better stop it was
really satisfying little obnoxious
Michael what's wrong
yeah there's so many teenagers do you
like these conventions interesting
learning new things what what you can do
it to me but I can't do it to you yeah
funny
[Music]
crayons
well then why else would they have
crayons what were the motors before that
Lilly want to draw on the table true
this was probably the most disappointing
meal I've ever had so [__] so it's
like I'm eating airline food all the
time off the airplane that looks so cute
[Music]
that's tick-tock
yes hello hello tick-tock hello that
baby was doing it tick tock do an
opening random doors welcome to your
asset we're gonna do Michael please
select a random Louisiana not Michael
Michael Mike are you stealing my Michael
the one there's actually a battle going
on right now really
sneak into places and steal things with
there's an open door here okay so what
I'm getting is that today it's not even
open quite a fly over here this is stuff
only Michael it literally says that the
only way
[Music]
cool as part of a conventional I love
you we just made it man you [__]
people walking by
I didn't know ninja would be here was
actually very pretty swarming with
children have to come out wait
there's sa arcade because that kid wheel
has a quirky gamer girlfriend oh my gosh
[Music]
I don't know what I expected but I guess
I didn't really expect much I want to be
R or something like that okay there's
nothing here control if I were them I
would lock it - okay Michael you're
gonna leave shut then everyone's like
PowerSuite come on Michael come on
of course they love it they love
different people like me a lot of IT
people don't lock their [__]
you want to like kill everyone's
internet Michael please look it didn't
lock that huh
that's not ID stuff ever like that's
just about Michael it's the only fun
thing that is also chair really that's a
guy but it keep it this hot take tusk
what Louie the Turk talking
I'm gonna come I swap their 12 there I
just difficult for his only I'm a
registered sex offender
mica [__] you see it like Mario Golf all
real life call it really I'm looking all
the walk please here some half here yeah
it's very pretty
anyway pretty with you [__] true
enjoying yourself Michael and I are
going to a party and if I don't wanna
come back that means I'm telling you
should feast that looks like a meth lab
that's really shiny or a weed flap the
classic weed lab but they mix chemicals
together me in the warehouse place and
there's a huge mine get in
[Music]
having fun I was so Michael how was the
party it was I I it was alright once I
lots of you're so cringe we're going to
another point you look like you wanna
die oh my God he's so many photo ops
Michael there's so many photo ops we
need to do at least one of them I'm so
excited for your little panel can I
guess William and Michael come join me
and the jacksFilms is here I invited him
to come join us I invited him to be in
my wedding and he never showed the truth
this is uncomfortable
I said hey will you be in my wedding and
he said yeah absolutely and then and
then he said are we doing so William and
Michael the two bookends here I'll start
with you talk about the type of content
you're creating and when did you start
creating this stuff
[Music]
yeah we do robot yeah robot things
Michael can you list some of the titles
of some of your videos please just the
titles thank you it was called trigger
Malmo right so it would detector race
and it would make compliments based on
your race what are the lessons we can
learn from this video I know I know
so Michael this is I want some Chili's
little bill comes up and oh my gosh it
was like a little Healy's fairy I feel
like my mom works for Huey yes sir you
nearly die I'm obligated now I love
Hotel I love hotels I love that they
keep every [__] room on lock just
assuming no one's gonna go in and I can
steal their pants you know he's stolen
like 20 pens right and a cup now anyone
can just enter these rooms yeah but and
no one panics about they just assume no
one's gonna go in the rooms are you
gonna get arrested for this
oh yeah no I'm gonna put it back
[Music]
upset stomach and Michael won and got me
Thomas you're definitely went up to week
who else is in the running for boyfriend
of the week goodbye a place that we all
stick tough children
[Music]
okay okay
you